Replacing a few more Keybase links (#455)
bitsquare/site: .github/pull_request_template.md

ensure it's work that is currently prioritized and budgeted.

You can do this by opening an issue explaining your proposed changes and

> cost, or by floating the idea in the Growth channel on Matrix (https://bisq.chat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cost, or by floating the idea in the Growth channel on Matrix (https://matrix.to/#/#bisq.growth:bitcoin.kyoto).
```

Author: Yes, makes sense. Didn't know that this works.
